# Digital-Platform-Boundary-Resources
<b>PhD Dissertation - Designing Digital Platforms: Boundary Decisions that Impact the Development of Global Ecosystems. UNC Greensboro.</b>
<p>
<p></p>Digital platforms constitute a broad definition of strategic applications that utilize a core technology with a prescribed interface that enable external parties (complementors) to build complementary products (Ceccagnoli et al., 2012; Cusumano et al., 2019; Gawer & Cusumano, 2015; Van Alstyne et al., 2016b). While platform strategy research has focused on firm-level concepts such as market competition, co-innovation, and knowledge flows these also require the firm to span its own internal boundaries and orchestrate resources that support and govern the complementors’ use of the technology (Coviello et al., 2017; Cusumano, 2020; Dal Bianco et al., 2014; Gawer, 2021; Lissillour & Sahut, 2022; Rubleske, 2020; Schreieck et al., 2022).  Boundary resources can influence a platform’s success by affecting a complementor’s choice of platform, given their own resource constraints or the effort to implement (Cennamo et al., 2018; X. Shi et al., 2024). While platforms have been acknowledged as a market entry strategy (Brouthers et al., 2022; Teece et al., 2022), little research has explored how resource orchestration choices lead to different international performance outcomes, nor the impact of culture and language (Coviello et al., 2017). </p>
<p></p>This study uses a novel approach to implementing an artificial intelligence (AI) powered research workflow within a qualitative content analysis using multiple AI coding agents together with a human coder to analyze web content to assess platform orchestration choices of application interface, development, AI, social, and governance resources. This provides a better understanding of how platform strategies play a role in firm internationalization processes. Cultural distance, natural, and computer programming language are examined as moderators to better understand where these effects might differ.</p>

